Here are the steps to get you started if you've never used this addon before.


1. Decide how you want to switch between rotations

You have three choices depending on how you set up your action bars.

    (a) If you have the same action bar setup for both single-target and AOE rotations
        and you want to toggle rotations with a single key, bind that key to "Toggle 
        single-target / AOE".
    
    (b) If you have the same action bar setup for both rotations and you want to use a
        separate key to enable to your single-target rotation and a separate key to enable
        your AOE rotations, bind those keys to "Switch to single-target" and "Switch to
        AOE".

    (c) If you use an addon that allows you to set up action bar paging (e.g. Dominos), 
        you don't need to set up any key bindings. You will need to bind rotations to
        action bar pages by opening the AD configuration panel (/ad cfg), going to the
        rotation-specific panels and adjusting the "Bind to action bar page" sliders.
        Once that's done, you will be able to switch between rotation simply by changing
        your action bar page (the keybindings for that are under the "Action Bar
        Functions" header in Blizzard's standard Key Bindings screen).


2. Set up keystroke labels for tanking abilities (optional)

Open the AD configuration panel (/ad cfg) and go to the rotiation-specific panels. For
each icon listed under "Keystroke labels", enter the corresponding key combination that
you would press to use that ability (for example, if you press "1" to cast Judgement,
type 1 in the input box under the Judgement icon).

Note that these labels are for visual feedback only. The addon does not (and, in fact,
cannot) use any abilities; you'll still have to press the keys yourself. You can skip
this step completely if you don't need to see icon labels. I would still recommend that
you do it, though.


3. Enable the addon if it's disabled for some reason

Use the "/ad on" command to enable AD.


That's it. Now go find something big and mean to beat on you. Happy tanking!
